# Two-Faced
Is studying hard for you? Do you like a challenge? If so, then this will be quite the experience for you! Introducing "Two-Faced," the star of the show that's a dual-mode application where users can study and challenge themselves all in one! Two-Faced is a tool with intermediate concepts such as classes, various modules, and "Pygame."
Two-Faced has multiple files which are "Assets," an image folder, "challene_images.py," "image_reveal.py," "main.py," "modes.py," and "two_faced_timer.py." The main called "main.py" is like the control center, while all the other files are functions and data that's imported into the main file. In addition, this application uses concepts such as "Object-Oriented Programming (OOP)", functions, modules such as "os" and "pygame," condtitional statements, and much more for a coherent and finished project!
Next is an explanation of the different files! To begin with, the "two_faced_timer.py" file is responsible for all of timer mechanics and lays the groundwork for the heart of "Two-Faced!" This file imports the "re" and "pygame" modules and and completely covers the applications necesitated for time management in three unique functions.
The next file is "modes.py," which imports the modules "pygame," "os," "random," and "challenge_images" from "challenge_images.py" to ensure that the ins-and-outs to the dual-mode management is handled completely along with the background display. After that, we have the "image_reveal.py" file, a core and quintessential file that's required for Two-Faced to even function as an application. This file imports the modules "pygame," "os," and "random" to assist in converting the images into usable and reliable data in order to be transported into the main program. For example, one of the main functions in this file is the "load_images" file, which sorts through the images, identifies the supported ones while weeding out the ineffective photos, running through the image folder with various loops, utilizing a "try except" branch for the several edge cases, and wrapping the new data in a neat bow for the project  while also providing a fallback net just in case something fails in the conveyer belt.
Not to mention, the next file may not be as flashy as the file I mentioned previously, but don't let that fool you! The "challenge_images" file is an gigantic list of dictionaries that comprises the data for each photo in the image folder called "Assets" in alphabetical order. Each individual dictionary has 4 main pieces of information: "file" for the file name, "answer" for the correct answer, "hints" for the corresponding hints, and "choices" for an extra option. This file is very straightforward on what it's supposed to achieve, but that one taxt it fufills is a necesity for the "Challenge Mode" of "Two-Faced!"
And last but certainly not least, we have the file called "main.py," which as you can infer handles all of the previous data from each individual worker in the conveyer belt and uses it to run the program. It's the heart of the program that imports all the data from what I said before, along with "pygame," "random," "os," and "challenge_images" as "cd." Firstly, it initializes pygame, draws the window, and then defines the helper variables and functions. Next, the star of the show is something called "Object-Oriented Programming" or a.k.a "OOP!" This handles both of the required data for both modes by self-introducting all of the info for each mode in a "class," which goes over itself and basically makes a ton of variables in the class and uses that to do what each mode must achieve. For more information on that, go in the main file and look at it more. Ultimately, the main loop keeps the file open, defines all of the "pygame" variables needed, and then runs it in a "while" loop with everything it needs to achieve it from every other file! This is done by having a "while" loop over a "for" loop to handle all of the edge-cases using conditional statements (if, elif, and else statements) along with drawing all that's required.
Overall, this has to be one of my best projects so far. To think that such a small concept, could expand, evolve, and take flight if you're prepared enough to make it a reality. This project has taught me that no idea is ever too unrealistic to enable to take on. In addition, it showed me how essential and necessiated formatting and organization is when making projects. And finally, it taught me how useful "Object-Oriented Programming" can truly be if used correctly as using classes truly helped make this project come true! I hope you enjoy this project.
